# Managing Visibility

## Visibility Logic

Visibility is managed using a data attribute named `data-visible`. It should be used like this:

```html
<div data-visible="true">
  Content
</div>
```

Then, in CSS, define the rules that determine how the element should be hidden:

```css
div[data-visible="false"] {
  display: none;
}
```

## Changing Visibility

If an event on an element changes visibility, the element should define the following data attributes:

* `data-control-element`: A data attribute containing the CSS selector of the element to hide or show. This should be defined in the HTML by the developer.
* `data-element-hidden`: A data attribute generated by JavaScript that indicates whether the element referenced by `data-control-element` is hidden. By default, it is considered `false`, indicating that the element is visible. This attribute can also be used to determine the control's content (e.g., button label).

For example, if a button toggles visibility:

```html
<button role="button" data-control-element="#sidebar">Toggle</button>
```

The same concept applies if another input element controls visibility:

```html
<input type="radio" id="visible" name="visibility" value="true" data-control-element="#sidebar">
<label for="visible">VISIBLE</label><br>

<input type="radio" id="hidden" name="visibility" value="false" data-control-element="#sidebar">
<label for="hidden">HIDDEN</label><br>
```

The logic works as follows:

1. Use the CSS selector provided in `data-control-element` to fetch the target element.
2. Set the `data-visible` attribute on that element to either `true` or `false`.
3. CSS determines how the element is hidden based on this attribute.
4. If the element becomes hidden, set `data-element-hidden="true"` upon the control element. Otherwise, it should be `false`.
